---
title: Clopen Mic Night #2
layout: winter
---

# Clopen Mic Night #2: Clopen Winterval
On Thursday 20th January at 8-9pm (GMT), we will host the second Clopen Mic Night.

The show is free to watch, but we support our performers and pay our behind-the-scenes team 
for their work, so if you'd like to make a contribution - for example, as much as you'd pay 
for a ticket to a show - you can do so at any time by visiting 
[ko-fi.com/clopenmicnight](https://ko-fi.com/clopenmicnight) or
[paypal.me/tmipuk](https://paypal.me/tmipuk).

## Line-up
{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/katie-steckles.jpg"
    name="Katie Steckles"
    about="Katie Steckles is a mathematician based in Manchester, who gives talks and workshops and writes about mathematics. She finished her PhD in 2011, and since then has talked about maths in schools, at science festivals, on BBC radio and TV, at music festivals, as part of theatre shows and on the internet."
    twitter="stecks"
    website="https://katiesteckles.co.uk"
    pronouns="she/her"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/ayliean-macdonald.jpg"
    name="Ayliean MacDonald"
    about="Ayliean MacDonald is a maths teacher based in Dundee, Scotland. In her spare time, she looks for creative ways to explore, explain and spark interest in maths, and produces YouTube videos and zines to share mathematical ideas. Ayliean has cool tattoos of fractals, and her videos often involve intricate mathematical drawings, paintings and music. She has also presented videos for the Numberphile channel."
    website="https://linktr.ee/Ayliean"
    twitter="ayliean"
    youtube="Ayliean"
    pronouns="she/her"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/lucy-rycroft-smith.jpg"
    name="Lucy Rycroft-Smith"
    about="Lucy Rycroft-Smith is a mathematics education researcher, writer and designer at the University of Cambridge, as well as a stand-up comedian at the stage of her career fondly known as ‘hit-and-miss’. Alongside Darren, she enjoys drawing on the rich seam of experience they have as former mathematics teachers and as mathematicians in a society that – how can we put this – does not always seem excited to hear about mathematics. She is an author of <em>Flip the System UK: A Teachers’ Manifesto</em> (Routledge, 2017) and <em>The Equal Classroom: Life-Changing Thinking About Gender</em> (Routledge, 2019)."
    twitter="honeypisquared"
    pronouns="she/her"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/darren-macey.jpg"
    name="Darren Macey"
    about="Darren Macey is a mathematics education researcher, writer and designer at the University of Cambridge, as well as a stand-up comedian at the stage of his career fondly known as ‘hit-and-miss’. Alongside Lucy, he enjoys drawing on the rich seam of experience they have as former mathematics teachers and as mathematicians in a society that – how can we put this – does not always seem excited to hear about mathematics. He is an author of <em>Teaching Statistics</em> (Cup, 2018)."
    twitter="darrenmacey"
    pronouns="she/her"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/adam-townsend.jpg"
    name="Adam Townsend"
    about="Adam Townsend is an assistant professor in the Department of Mathematical Sciences at Durham University, where he researches unusual fluids such as mucus, mayonnaise, and melted chocoloate. In his spare time, he listens to BBC Radio 2 and edits Chalkdust Magazine."
    website="https://adamtownsend.com"
    twitter="pecnut"
    pronouns="he/him"
%}

Sign up below to receive an email reminder shortly before our next event.
<div class="sender-form-field" data-sender-form-id="ks7i2oxmaq7jqdqvszm" style="text-align:center"></div>

