---
title: Clopen Mic Night #5
permalink: /events/2025-05-01
---

# Clopen Mic Night #5: The Power of Five
On Thursday 1st May at 8-9pm (BST), we will be hosting the fifth Clopen Mic Night. You can [watch the show live on YouTube](https://youtube.com/live/JVu2CG6kDVE), and the recording will be kept online for a short while afterwards to watch back.

The show is free to watch, but we support our performers and pay our behind-the-scenes team 
for their work, so if you'd like to make a contribution - for example, as much as you'd pay 
for a ticket to a show - you can do so at any time by visiting 
[ko-fi.com/clopenmicnight](https://ko-fi.com/clopenmicnight) or
[paypal.me/tmipuk](https://paypal.me/tmipuk).

## Line-up
{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/katie-steckles.jpg"
    name="Katie Steckles"
    about="Katie Steckles is a mathematician based in Manchester, who gives talks and workshops and writes about mathematics. She finished her PhD in 2011, and since then has talked about maths in schools, at science festivals, on BBC radio and TV, at music festivals, as part of theatre shows and on the internet."
    twitter="stecks"
    mastodon="stecks@mathstodon.xyz"
    website="https://katiesteckles.co.uk"
    pronouns="she/her"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/mats-vermeeren.jpeg"
    name="Mats Vermeeren"
    about="Mats Vermeeren is a research fellow and lecturer based at Loughborough University. His research sits in the intersection of mathematics and physics. He likes to talk about mathematics of everyday phenomena, such as ducks or rainbows, but also enjoys the challenge of unpacking more abstract topics."
    website="https://matsvermeeren.xyz"
    youtube="https://www.youtube.com/c/MatsVermeeren"
    mastodon="mathstodon.xyz/@mathmats"
    pronouns="he/him"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/faceholder.png"
    name="Christopher James"
    about=""
    website=""
    twitter=""
    mastodon=""
    pronouns="he/him"
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/pseudorandom-ensemble.jpg"
    name="Pseudorandom Ensemble"
    about="Pseudorandom Ensemble is a mathematically-inspired musical combo who are experimenting with the form of online collaborative musical performances and exploring what it means to be normal. Our members change from show to show; at Clopen Mic Night you’ll see Colin Beveridge, Gavan Fantom, Lucy Rycroft-Smith, Martin Harris and Sam Hartburn. Between us we have 2 PhDs, 6 degrees (unless you count PhDs as degrees as well, in which case it's 8), 7 pets (unless you count robot vacuum cleaners) and an unverified number of piano keys. Counting things is hard."
%}

{% include _person.html
    img="/assets/img/people/faceholder.png"
    name="Yolanda Ohene"
    about="More information shortly!"
    pronouns="she/her"

%}

Sign up below to receive an email reminder shortly before our next event.
<div class="sender-form-field" data-sender-form-id="ks7i2oxmaq7jqdqvszm" style="text-align:center"></div>

